[config-plugins] Replace getAppThemeLightNoActionBarGroup by getAppThemeGroup (#30797)
expo/expo: packages/@expo/config-plugins/CHANGELOG.md

### 💡 Others

- Upgrade `glob@7` to `glob@10`. ([#29894](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/29894) by [@byCedric](https://github.com/byCedric))
- Don't recreate `AppTheme` on prebuild if its parent changed. ([#30797](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/30797) by [@zoontek](https://github.com/zoontek))

## 8.0.8 - 2024-07-11

### 🐛 Bug fixes

> - On `Android`, Build settings related to gradle.properties will now be **merged** (*and deduped*) if they are `Arrays` instead of overwritten. For now the only array value is `extraMavenRepos`. This allow library plugins to use `extraMavenRepos` even if they are not the last plugin called. ([#30269](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/30269) by [@Titozzz](https://github.com/Titozzz))

Reviewer: let's revert this change

Author: Done, sorry, I had the VScode prettier plugin enabled.

### 💡 Others

- Upgrade `glob@7` to `glob@10`. ([#29894](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/29894) by [@byCedric](https://github.com/byCedric))

> - Don't recreate `AppTheme` on prebuild if its parent changed. ([#30797](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/30797) by [@zoontek](https://github.com/zoontek))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Deprecated the Android style method `getAppThemeLightNoActionBarGroup` and replaced it with `getAppThemeGroup`, which does not override the parent theme if its parent theme changes. ([#30797](https://github.com/expo/expo/pull/30797) by [@zoontek](https://github.com/zoontek))
```

nit: trying to make the changelog more clear
